**Documentation** • [Readme](../README.md) \| [API](../globals.md)

***

[Documentation](../README.md) / IYelpSearchOrganicBusinessDataSerpElementItem

# Interface: IYelpSearchOrganicBusinessDataSerpElementItem

## Extends

- [`IBaseBusinessDataSerpElementItem`](IBaseBusinessDataSerpElementItem.md)

## Indexable

 \[`key`: `string`\]: `any`

## Properties

### alias?

> **`optional`** **alias**: `string`

Yelp business identifier
displayed only if the request contained the corresponding field

#### Source

main.ts:209641

***

### business\_highlights?

> **`optional`** **business\_highlights**: `string`[]

highlights describing business offerings
example:
"casual_dining"

#### Source

main.ts:209670

***

### business\_url?

> **`optional`** **business\_url**: `string`

link to the Yelp profile of the business entity

#### Source

main.ts:209638

***

### categories?

> **`optional`** **categories**: `string`[]

categories related to the business entity

#### Source

main.ts:209660

***

### description?

> **`optional`** **description**: `string`

description containing the featured review

#### Source

main.ts:209645

***

### is\_guaranteed?

> **`optional`** **is\_guaranteed**: `boolean`

Yelp guaranteed label

#### Source

main.ts:209656

***

### location?

> **`optional`** **location**: [`BusinessAddressLocationInfo`](../classes/BusinessAddressLocationInfo.md)

information about the location of the business entity

#### Source

main.ts:209647

***

### name?

> **`optional`** **name**: `string`

name of the business entity

#### Source

main.ts:209643

***

### phone?

> **`optional`** **phone**: `string`

contact phone number
example:
(804) 342-1981

#### Source

main.ts:209654

***

### photos?

> **`optional`** **photos**: `string`[]

links to photos appearing in the result

#### Source

main.ts:209662

***

### price\_range?

> **`optional`** **price\_range**: `number`

price range of the business entity
indicates the number of currency signs next to the business listing corresponding to its price score

#### Source

main.ts:209650

***

### rank\_absolute?

> **`optional`** **rank\_absolute**: `number`

absolute rank among all the listed results
absolute position among all reviews on the list

#### Source

main.ts:209632

***

### rank\_group?

> **`optional`** **rank\_group**: `number`

position within a group of elements with identical type values
positions of elements with different type values are omitted from rank_group

#### Source

main.ts:209629

***

### rating?

> **`optional`** **rating**: [`RatingInfo`](../classes/RatingInfo.md)

the rating score submitted by the reviewer

#### Source

main.ts:209658

***

### service\_offerings?

> **`optional`** **service\_offerings**: [`ServiceOfferingsElement`](../classes/ServiceOfferingsElement.md)[]

tags corresponding to the availability of certain business offerings

#### Source

main.ts:209672

***

### tags?

> **`optional`** **tags**: `string`[]

tags generated by Yelp
example:
"New on Yelp"

#### Source

main.ts:209666

***

### yelp\_business\_id?

> **`optional`** **yelp\_business\_id**: `string`

the unique identifier of a business identity on Yelp
example:
2sWZ17vpEF2vuM_7ic721w

#### Source

main.ts:209636
